Add UserAuth containers (#75)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/user-auth/containers/success-notification.mdx

In the following diagram, a SignIn container has passed the SuccessNotification container, which defines the displayed text and action buttons.

<Diagram caption="SuccessNotification container">
  ![SuccessNotification container](@images/user-auth/success-notification.png)
</Diagram>

## SuccessNotification configurations

The SuccessNotification container provides the following configuration options:

<OptionsTable
    compact
    options={[
        ['Options', 'Type', 'Req?', 'Description'],
        ['slots', 'function', 'No', 'Allows overriding the SuccessNotification container action buttons (SuccessNotificationActions).'],
        ['formSize', 'default | small', 'No', 'Controls form paddings and spacing. Use "small" to embed the form in small layout containers like a dropdown in the header.'],
        ['headingText', 'string', 'No', 'Heading text content.'],
        ['messageText', 'string', 'No', 'Message text content.'],
    ]}
/>

## Example

> The following example renders the SignIn container. Upon success, the contain displays a welcome heading, a message, and two action buttons: "My Account" and "Logout".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example renders the SignIn container. On success, the container displays a welcome heading, a message, and two action buttons: "My Account" and "Logout".
```
